DEVDOCS-5896: [Update] add cart redirect URL (#289)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-carts-and-checkout.mdx

  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### Create a cart redirect URL

<Callout type="info">

> You can use a cart redirect URL for embedded checkouts or to redirect your checkout. A cartEntity ID is required. To create a cartEntity ID, use the [create a cart](#Create-a-cart-using-a-simple-product) mutation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a cart redirect URL for embedded checkouts or to redirect your checkout. You need a `cartEntity` ID. To create a `cartEntity` ID, use the [create a cart](#Create-a-cart-using-a-simple-product) mutation. 
```
active voice

> You can use a cart redirect URL for embedded checkouts or to redirect your checkout. You need a `cartEntity` ID. To create a `cartEntity` ID, use the [create a cart](#Create-a-cart-using-a-simple-product) mutation. 

Reviewer 2: Content under the callout tag needs to be moved one (to the right).

</Callout>

<Tabs items={['Request', 'Response']}>
  <Tab>
  ```graphql filename="Example mutation: Create cart redirect URL" showLineNumbers copy
  mutation{
   cart {
       createCartRedirectUrls(input:{
           cartEntityId: "dc5e7b24-0047-4b3e-b16b-2cdc90943b86"}) {
           redirectUrls{
               embeddedCheckoutUrl
               redirectedCheckoutUrl
           }
       }
  
   }
}
```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    

> ```json filename="Example mutation: Create cart redirect URL" showLineNumbers copy

Reviewer 2: This code block needs to be moved one (to the right). You had it right on [#L542](https://github.com/bigcommerce/docs/pull/289/files#diff-6ff391d937e95e1d2821796b1c639c1ca0fb9f698e63a570ff895188a2c6d7b5R542)
